---
title: 23-7-19
---
&nbsp; At Blank Street Coffee in Arlinglinton, VA. Have been working on the east coast since the 9th, so I am super super tired. Long days and a new city almost every night. I am taking an extra day here to see some friends and go to the Smithsonian art museum which i am rally excited about. Mostly I am glad to not have to fly out at like 4am bc that's when the rest of the group left.

&nbsp; I am trying to build this blog in a way that is extraordinarily simple on the surface to navigate and then the complexity of the 'digital garden' idea kind of reveals itself as you let your mind wander and click links and stuff. So that it is not confusing to first time visitors. I want to create simplicity without obscuring complexity.

&nbsp; Writing has primarily been brain-dumping to get practice putting one word in front of the other, but I think I am ready to start bloggin with more direct purpose. Kind of considering making most of the posts single-word titles maybe? Idk if I want to get that restrictive with it but it could be a fun challenge. 

&nbsp; I need to learn to disipline my mind and my body ASAP in order to get where I want in life. I am twenty-two, nearly, twenty-three, so between a third and a quarter through my natural lifespan, but also pretty early into realizing the level of agency I have over the world - Or at least increasing the level of agency I have over the world? Not sure exactly which. Either way, I have a lot I want to do and time is of the essence, but I am not as capable as I want to be so I need to keep working until I am. Until I am extraordinarily capable and disciplined - it doesn't matter how much formal training I have in a subject if I have the ability to learn very fast and have the freedom to fail/the beginner's mindset. 

&nbsp; My goal for today and tomorrow is to finish the script for my first video - I have a draft that is very, very close to completion somewhere, and order the supplies I need tonight so that I can get started filming this weekend. It's called "How to be a filmmaker" and it is as close as I can get to a manifesto to myself, which will be edited and expanded upon over time as I develop greater technical ability and artistic voice. I will be flying home tomorrow morning (finally!!) and taking Fri to rest. On Sat I am going to see Oppenheimer in 70mm IMAX!! Very very excited about that. I will probably begin filming on Saturday morning, or building the overhead camera rig that I designed. I am not sure of the budget for this film, so I am going to track the expenses and include it at the end. There's a purchase I want to make, but is unnecessary and too expensive for me right now, which is CW&T's Time Since Launch. I would LOVE to include the device in the film and then pull the pin the moment the film goes live, but $420 plus tax is prohibitively expensive for such a small thing. I'll just have to build my own!!

&nbsp; I actually just now thought of the idea of building my own version of the time since launch - plus then i could set the date however I wanted 

&nbsp; The general flow would hypothetically be research -> writing -> doing/filming -> editing -> distribution

This is a list of college degrees it would be cool to get (a list of subjects I am interested in):
- Computer Science
- Electrical Engineering
- Civil Engineering
- English
- Studio Art
- Graphic Design
- Industrial Design
- Architecture
- Film Production
- Acoustics
- Analog Signal Processing
- Digital Signal Processing
- Physics
- Biology
- Audio Engineering / Music Production

Certifications to Get/Software to master
- Adobe Premier Pro
- Adobe After Effects
- Adobe Photoshop
- Adobe Illustrator
- Avid ProTools
- KiCad
- Godot Engine
- Blender
- Solidworks
- Revit
- Rhino/Grasshopper

Patron Saints
- Neil Gershenfeld
- Tom Sachs
- Neri Oxman
- Buckminster Fuller
- Stewart Brand
- Lloyd Khan
- Chris Burden
- Virgil Abloh
- Casey Neistat
- Van Neistat
- Kanye West
- Frank Lloyd Wright
- Le Corbusier
- CW&T
- Ray and Charles Eames
- Tadao Ando
- Dieter Rams
- Steve Jobs
- Steve Wosniak
- Donald Judd
- Yoko Ono
- Marcel Duchamp
- Andy Warhol

Timeline of my production career:
- Pine Cove Shores Job - May 2021 - August 2021
- DBU Media Services - October 2021 - February 2022
- Rockpointe - 
- LeForce
- Oak Cliff Film Festival
- Mesquite Outlaws - First PA Gig
- Texas Film Gear Job Interview - 
- International Leadership of Texas Job
- Dallas International Film Festival 
- Dallas International Film Festival - Operations Manager Job Interview