# 23-7-9 - Mic Check 1-2, 1-2-3-4
Finally had a breakthrough on the digital garden idea I've wanted to build for ages. Markdown based, editable in VSCode or Obsidian, global graph, homepage featuring recent notes, and hosted via GitHub pages. Have a system in my head of ways of organizing the notes but not sure how workable it will be. Going to have to demo it before building too rigid of a system. Thinking the system will roughly be 1. content notes 2. index notes, with content notes being linked to from several different index notes. Will have to explore the tagging system as well - seems like an interesting way of doing things. A project I will do this week is moving all my posts from Substack to here and converting them to markdown format, then backdating and publishing here. 

I will:
- Own a home with a garden
- Own an overlander camper
- Own an art studio
- Direct, write and produce a theatrically distributed feature film
- Complete Bachelor's Degrees in:
  - Computer Science
  - English and Literature
  - Civil Engineering
  - Studio Art
- Complete a Master of Architecture
- Complete a PhD

And will be publishing my notes here as I go, so that those in the future may replicate my path for free or as cheap as possible. 
- I am setting up my website as a digital garden because it will allow my thoughts to wander as I write and for readers to wander as well. 
- I am kind of thinking of it as non-linear writing, or choose-your-own-adventure style blogging or something. Not necessarily into the personal-wiki idea but not opposed to it. 
- I am using markdown because it is simple and both machine-readable and human-readable. 
- I am publishing via GitHub Pages because it is free, I like the rhythym of publishing via a push in the terminal, and because the source code IS the website. It can even be read w/o going to the actual URL by going to the quartz repo
- I am using Quartz because it has a global graph and a most-recent posts page on the homepage, and because I can edit the files in the FOSS vscodium + foambubble OR the obsidian.md experience.
- I am resesarching software licenses under which to publish my stuff. I want to publish EVERYTHING under something copyleft so that anyone can use anything I want. Or maybe public domain so that it is free free free and people can produce profit from my work.
- I am working on an analog twin to this garden to belong in my physical studio. The idea would be to write everything by hand or typewriter first and then scan/retype everything to here. They wouldn't be exactly identical and it's not an efficient use of time but maybe that's the point?
- I think I'm gonna let myself go wild here in writing/organizing of stuff, and build elegant systems for organizing information non-linearly, but concentrate all of that into linear films. I am going to focus on one project at a time, regarless of medium, and make a film about it, regardless of medium. (Greatest commandment - do something and make a film about it)

&nbsp; The point of this whole exercise is to learn to quiet my mind - my head that is always chaotic and often roaring feels out of control to me many times, and I have used a million different methods to still that over the years, and they all kinda coalesced into this idea - the zettelkasten or the antinet or the personal wiki or the digital garden or whatever you want to call it. I have written a million notes in a million places with temporary organization structures that become useless as soon as I move on to the next cool idea - this is a system that should be pretty impervious to that because it __allows__ for all the crazy chances, and embraces them. 

&nbsp; I don't think all my problems will be solved once I have organized my mind just like my problems weren't all solved when I became an extreme minimalist, but I have iterated towards this point for a long time and I feel super super awesome that I figured out how to use quartz in a way that I like yesterday!! It feels a lot like the time I discovered the perfect notebook - the Clairfontaine My.Essential A5 in Dot Grid. I had gotten really obsessed with stationary when I bought a dot-grid moleskin when I was like seventeen to do a bullet journal and realized I hated the paper. I always liked cool notebooks, but couldn't articulate any qualities about them - just that this one was cool because it was leather or whatever. When I hated the expensive moleskin, I started researching other kinds of paper and notebooks, and started buying new kinds and then writing in them until they were just over half-full and then buying an new one. I learned individual things I liked about notebooks by buying and using lots I didn't, until one day I found a notebook I loved at Kinokuniya. That was almost exactly two years ago, and since then I have filled four and am working on the fifth. I don't think about notebooks anymore - I don't think about stationary anymore - I found the tool for the job - and once I found the tool I could develop the system - pretty rapidly even.

&nbsp; These digital gardens are easy to complicate, but I want this one to work as an elevator pitch - I want first time visitors to understand exactly what I'm doing w/o needing an explanation. This will be a challenge not of the content of the notes but of their organization. I think it is doable though!! Yesterday I completed what very much is phase 1 of the project - the manual digital garden. Markdown notes organized manually in a nonlinear way. My long-term idea is to build a digital garden + ActivityPub style software, where I can publish text, audio, photo, and video and it is automatically sorted and then the homepage is a revese chronological feed of the work - all hosted on my own site, to be published elsewhere POSSE style. I have an idea for something called nested tags - all squares are rectangles but not all rectangles are squares. 

&nbsp; For example, (medium)video->(genre1)narrative->(genre2)sci-fi->(subject)time travel. Something like this. I also have an idea to develop automatically assigned serial numbers for each piece of work. That one is a little more loose. We'll see.