---
title: 23-7-12
---

Last Post: [[23-7-9]]

&nbsp; On a work trip in Williamsburg, VA. Really really pleased with how the site is starting to shape up. It is good for my brain to know it has been completed. Still some quirks to work out, no doubt, but this is very much in a happy place for me. This garden is somewhere that is nice for me to live sometimes and nice for me to tend to. Maybe one day I will be like Benedict Cumberbatch's Sherlock about it, hopefully not. 

The broad level structure of the site should generally work like this:
- Folder 1: Blog - sequentially linked blog posts, in chronological order detailing todo lists, and notes from that particular day, as well as thoughts and stuff. blog stuff basically
- Folder 2: Courses - Course notes in the order that I take them. Nested based on the structure of the course. Duplicated from the note sheet from that particular day
- Folder 3: Projects - Detailed log of how projects I have completed are done
- Folder 4: Libary - List of media done by other people that I own, along with my review. 

&nbsp; This is what makes the most sense in my head, I am not sure how well it will work out in reality, but it will be easy enough to rearrange. I don't want to be too rigorously structured because then that would both lock me into a way of organizing files that I might have to manually change later, and lock me into a particular way of thinking that I can't realize the consequences of until it is no longer useful. I am trying to come up with a really elegant system, basically, and I think I am getting close, but like the [[paper journaling system]] (write note later) I came up with, I will have to iterate, step by step, towards the ideal version of this system. 

&nbsp; Hopefully the system I develop will work for other people, both in the sense of people reading my notes and people duplicating my system. I think it could be something like bullet journaling for the small internet if I get it right, both complex enough to be useful and simple enough to be flexible. 

&nbsp; I have been brain dumping video and art ideas into another note: [[Video Ideas]] which might kinda stay my brain dump note, not sure yet exactly what system I will use long-term but it is serviceable for now. In my mind each page is conceptually kind of an index card, should be featuring not a ton of information per card, but you can stack up reading a bunch of cards both all the way up or all the way down an idea, from NAND to Tetris basically. 

&nbsp; Eventually I will get to a point where I'm not just writing about writing!!

Next post:  [[23-7-14]]